docs/echelon/reference-sheet.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 6
---

# Reference Sheet

## SoftPaws Addresses

| Name                   | Address                                               |
| ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| Validator              | echelonvaloper15z5dphcvgvtd9c0q7e7wau782ac0hzengnx0ug |
| Delegator Address      | echelon15z5dphcvgvtd9c0q7e7wau782ac0hzenma6v3c        |
| Echelon Relayer Wallet | echelon1wnhew5hjf9zu3e2cqrkd724dyv3qnsx8q5yjqx        |
| Osmosis Relayer Wallet | osmo1q3e4d6kv4p5emgzcjaf89g7haxczrwke54vaul           |

## Echelon Wallets

| Name           | Address                                        |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| Team Wallet    | echelon1vqu8rska6swzdmnhf90zuv0xmelej4lqcv7z67 |
| Community Pool | [View balance here](https://ping.pub/echelon)  |

## Endpoints

| Type           | Endpoint                        | Description                                |
| -------------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| Tendermint RPC | https://ech-rpc.softpaws.xyz    | Use with Keplr                             |
| EVM RPC        | https://ech-evm-ws.softpaws.xyz | Use with Metamask                          |
| API            | https://ech-api.softpaws.xyz    | Use to make API calls                      |
| GRPC           | https://ech-grpc.softpaws.xyz   | Based on HTTP2. Not for use with browsers. |

## Useful Links

| Link                                                    | Description                                                                       |
| ------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [ech.network](https://ech.network/)                     | Home page for the Echelon network                                                 |
| [app.ech.network](https://app.ech.network/)             | Echelon Dapp. for staking, IBC transfers, governance, and more.                   |
| [ECH Explorer](https://app.ech.network/explorer)        | Echelon explorer built by the Echelon team.                                       |
| [ATOMScan](https://atomscan.com/echelon/)               | Chain explorer                                                                    |
| [Ping.Pub](https://ping.pub/echelon)                    | Chain explorer                                                                    |
| [Cosmos Directory](https://cosmos.directory/echelon)    | Chain Registry (find more endpoints here)                                         |
| [Restake](https://restake.app/echelon)                  | Tool for auto-compounding staked coins for Echelon and other Cosmos based chains. |
| [Echelon Discord Server](https://discord.gg/2gXVYzqQA7) | Used for primary communications.                                                  |
| [ Echelon Telegram](https://t.me/echelonchain)          | Secondary communication channel.                                                  |
| [ ECH World](https://ech.world/)          | All about Echelon blockchain. (Has Project List)                                             |

Commit message:

Updates surrounding IBC and osmosis

docs/echelon/reference-sheet.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 6
---

# Reference Sheet

## SoftPaws Addresses

| Name                   | Address                                               |
| ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| Validator              | echelonvaloper15z5dphcvgvtd9c0q7e7wau782ac0hzengnx0ug |
| Delegator Address      | echelon15z5dphcvgvtd9c0q7e7wau782ac0hzenma6v3c        |
| Echelon Relayer Wallet | echelon1wnhew5hjf9zu3e2cqrkd724dyv3qnsx8q5yjqx        |
| Osmosis Relayer Wallet | osmo1q3e4d6kv4p5emgzcjaf89g7haxczrwke54vaul           |

## Echelon Wallets

| Name           | Address                                        |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| Team Wallet    | echelon1vqu8rska6swzdmnhf90zuv0xmelej4lqcv7z67 |
| Community Pool | [View balance here](https://ping.pub/echelon)  |

## Endpoints

| Type           | Endpoint                        | Description                                |
| -------------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| Tendermint RPC | https://ech-rpc.softpaws.xyz    | Use with Keplr                             |
| EVM RPC        | https://ech-evm-ws.softpaws.xyz | Use with Metamask                          |
| API            | https://ech-api.softpaws.xyz    | Use to make API calls                      |
| GRPC           | https://ech-grpc.softpaws.xyz   | Based on HTTP2. Not for use with browsers. |

## IBC

| Chain   | Channel From ECH To Chain | Channel To ECH From Chain                                           |
| ------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Osmosis | channel-11                | [channel-403](https://www.mintscan.io/osmosis/relayers/channel-403) |

## Useful Links

| Link                                                    | Description                                                                       |
| ------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [ech.network](https://ech.network/)                     | Home page for the Echelon network                                                 |
| [app.ech.network](https://app.ech.network/)             | Echelon Dapp. for staking, IBC transfers, governance, and more.                   |
| [ECH Explorer](https://app.ech.network/explorer)        | Echelon explorer built by the Echelon team.                                       |
| [ATOMScan](https://atomscan.com/echelon/)               | Chain explorer                                                                    |
| [Ping.Pub](https://ping.pub/echelon)                    | Chain explorer                                                                    |
| [Cosmos Directory](https://cosmos.directory/echelon)    | Chain Registry (find more endpoints here)                                         |
| [Restake](https://restake.app/echelon)                  | Tool for auto-compounding staked coins for Echelon and other Cosmos based chains. |
| [Echelon Discord Server](https://discord.gg/2gXVYzqQA7) | Used for primary communications.                                                  |
| [ Echelon Telegram](https://t.me/echelonchain)          | Secondary communication channel.                                                  |
| [ ECH World](https://ech.world/)                        | All about Echelon blockchain. (Has Project List)                                  |
